# Game-Critique-Spider-Man-The-Heist-

### Review

Marvel's Spider-Man for the PlayStation 4 is an open-world action adventure game based on the famous comicbook superhero of the same name. It was developed by Insomniac Games and was released earlier this year. The base game would have the player take control of Spider-Man as he swings around New York, stopping crimes, solving mysteries, and chasing down bad guys. A few collectables are scattered throughtout the city for the player to find, encouraging exploration. There are a few missions that had the player take control of either Mary Jane Watson or Miles Morales. However, I focused on the first of three post-game DLC expansions for Spider-Man. The first expansion is called "The Heist." It has the player track down Felicia Hardy, aka The Black Cat, as she steals from various mob families. 

The expansion adds new suits for the player to wear, new sidemissions, new enemies, and of course, new story missions. The base game had enemies representing different factions, such as Kingpin's men of The Demons, The Heist adds the Magia as a new criminal faction in the game. The Magia faction brings with it a new enemy type. This enemy is a brute that shoots a gatling gun which is a much tougher enemy than a standard brute, requiring throwing more objects at the gatling gun brute to stun him than was required of the standard brute.

### What Needs to be Tested

To start the DLC for the first time, you have to start the base game. After completing the base game, you go to the DLC section of the in-game menu and select the DLC you wish to play. Because of this, the DLC Menu should be tested to make sure the player cannot access the DLC prior to beating the main game. The three DLCs are episodic sections of one greater story, so the DLC Menu should also be tested to make sure the player cannot access the DLC out of order without having beaten the previous installments. The Since the DLC is post-game, one thing that should be tested is that the player's previous progress from the base game carries over to the DLC.  

One of the new crimes that the DLC adds, has the player defusing car bombs. To do this, the player takes control of a Spider-Bot and must use a radar to find the bombs. There are several aspects that should be tested to ensure that this minigame works as planned. One such thing is that the bombs defuse when the player uses the drone's EMP burst. Another thing that should be tested is the drone's radar. If the radar is not working, then the player will have a hard time finding the bombs, which could result in the player losing the minigame, since there is a time limit.
